I am interested in Morgan Stanley because it is a one of a kind bank which remains one of the leaders of the banking business because at Morgan Stanley it's all about the people, a great connection, and respect for the customers which results in global success. As a developer I want to help the current team grow the capabilities of the application and extend it's features so the user experience will be even more satisfying . I think that during an uncertain time like 2017 where powerful entities like Bitcoin want to take control of the banking business, the people still need a bank that satisfies their needs and is there for them, and when I will work at Morgan Stanley I will give my best in achieving that goal.

I chose to apply for the Application Development because  I worked in Car-Dealer-Management-System for Volkswagen, the application that will be present in every Volkswagen dealership in the next 3 to 5 years and is already used in a lot of countries including China and Germany, so I know how a huge application is built and maintained, I am aware of all the risks and challenges that arise when developing a product that is used on a global scale. I  think that in my past years of work I developed the skill set that really set me apart from the crowd and make me a great match for the application developer position.

I am proficient in Java 8, Python and C++. At my current job I already worked with an app that is used on a global scale so I am familiar with continous integration, version control, integration tests, stress testing, the UI part( Tapestry 5, Angular 4, React Native, plain Javascript). I also have experience with Android. A great aspect that my last job taught me is the vision of a Technical Architect. I was the replacement of the Technical Architect in my team so I really got into the details of designing the structure of a huge app and all the solving all the challenges that come with this thing. 

I enjoyed very much the project that I worked on this summer, CrossNg, because it was an app used at a global scale and it taught me a great lesson that writing good code is not enough, for a product that is that massive you have to write great code, maintainable code, clean code and do a lot of refactoring before submitting a new feature implementation into the product. I also enjoyed developing the solr core of the project because unlike Java and UI technologies, Solr really represents a challenge for a future architect and it trains you to see past your current task, to see the big picture. All in all, on that project, I spent 3 months full of hard tasks, late nights and lots of coffee but I enjoyed it a lot. 